What is this?

 This is the Ubuntu Handbook that will be shipped with Hoary and should
 be found on the web site www.ubuntulinux.org

Who maintains this document?

 The Documentation Team of Ubuntu.

How can I contact the Documentation Team?

 Join #ubuntu-doc on irc.freenode.net or write on the mailing list
 ubuntu-doc@lists.ubuntu.com

How do I check out the repository?

 Install the "subversion" package and run:
 svn co $PATH-TO-REPOSITORY
 (the repository location is currently changing a lot)

How do I commit changes?

 If you do not yet have an account with write-accesses to the repository
 you are invited to commit patches to the mailing list. If you intend
 to help on a regular basis please write to the mailing list, too, so we
 can check your intentions. :)

How do I format the document?

 Please break the lines so they don't exceed 80 chars. Overlong lines are
 very inconvenient to edit. Emacs has a nice feature to support that, see
 the emacs tutorial for more info.

 Use Tabs to indent XML tags and your text.

 The text format is UTF-8!

How do I include another XML file?

 <xi:include href="test.xml" />

Structure of the document:

 <book>
  <part id="part-introduction">
	 <chapter id="introduction-welcome">
	  <sect1 id="...">

 The "introduction" is there twice on purpose. So by referring to
 'introduction-welcome' we know exactly that it points to
 the 'welcome' chapter in the 'introduction' part.

Why don't we use 'arch' or 'bazaar' instead of Subversion?

 This is a religious question. There are three free major revision control
 systems around: cvs, subversion and arch. CVS is quite old and has a lot or
 hassles when being used in larger projects. You need to know the workarounds
 to be completely happy. Subversion addressed many of those CVS problems and is
 actually easy enough to use. It can even use SSH and web proxy-capable
 connections using WebDAV. Arch? A complicated matter. The author admitted that
 he mostly wanted to write his own repository system to become famous. In an
 interview with opensource.org he was heavily bashing CVS and Subversion
 without telling much about the advantages of arch. Arch is not as well
 documented as Subversion and has a smaller number of users. In the end you can
 get used to anything. Subversion is actively developed and easy enough to use
 even for newbies. Most of the discussion about 'arch' is bashing and flaming -
 we can probably do better things with our time and energy.

 Actually we are still using Subversion. But Canonical will provide an
 arch sandbox to play with. If there is consensus that arch/baz is nicer
 than Subversion then we can move. Until then we will stay here.

